add tidbcloud serverless driver node example (#15147)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-driver.md

Reviewer: L3 summary 下需要加一个 aliasese 行，因为 https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-config 以后就无法访问了，aliases 加到这里后，存了这个链接的人就会自动被 direct 到 serverless-driver.md 的网页

aliases: ['/tidbcloud/serverless-driver-config']

}
```

> [Learn more about using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Vercel](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-vercel.md#integrate-tidb-cloud-with-vercel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Learn more about using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Vercel](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-vercel.md).
```

}
```

> [Learn more about using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Vercel](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-vercel.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about [using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Vercel](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-vercel.md).
```

};
```

> [Learn more about using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Cloudflare Workers](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-cloudflare.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about [using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Cloudflare Workers](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-cloudflare.md).
```

}
```

> [Learn more about using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Netlify Workers](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-netlify.md#use-the-edge-function).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[Learn more about using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Netlify](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-netlify.md#use-the-edge-function).
```

}
```

> [Learn more about using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Netlify](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-netlify.md#use-the-edge-function).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn more about [using TiDB Cloud serverless driver in Netlify](/tidb-cloud/integrate-tidbcloud-with-netlify.md#use-the-edge-function).
```

</SimpleTab>

## Configure the serverless driver

You can configure TiDB Cloud serverless driver at both the connection level and the SQL level.

### Connection level configurations

> 

Reviewer: Tip for reviewers: L144~L203 是从删除的 tidb-cloud/[serverless-driver-config.md](http://serverless-driver-config.md/) 里复制过来的。

```

```ts
const config = {
  url: process.env['DATABASE_URL'] || 'mysql://[username]:[password]@[host]/[database]',
  arrayMode: true
}

const conn = connect(config)
```

### SQL level options

> **Note:**
>
> The SQL level options have a higher priority over connection level configurations.

At the SQL level, you can configure the following options:

| Option       | Type | Default value | Description                                                                                                |
|--------------|------|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `arrayMode`  | bool | `false`       | Whether to return results as arrays instead of objects. To get better performance, set it to `true`.       |
| `fullResult` | bool | `false`       | Whether to return full result object instead of just rows. To get more detailed results, set it to `true`. |

For example:

```ts
const conn = connect({url: process.env['DATABASE_URL'] || 'mysql://[username]:[password]@[host]/[database]'})
const results = await conn.execute('select * from test',null,{arrayMode:true,fullResult:true})
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

```ts
const config = {
  url: process.env['DATABASE_URL'] || 'mysql://[username]:[password]@[host]/[database]',
  arrayMode: true
}

const conn = connect(config)
```

### SQL level options

> **Note:**
>
> The SQL level options have a higher priority over connection level configurations.

At the SQL level, you can configure the following options:

| Option       | Type | Default value | Description                                                                                                |
|--------------|------|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `arrayMode`  | bool | `false`       | Whether to return results as arrays instead of objects. To get better performance, set it to `true`.       |
| `fullResult` | bool | `false`       | Whether to return full result object instead of just rows. To get more detailed results, set it to `true`. |

For example:

```ts
const conn = connect({url: process.env['DATABASE_URL'] || 'mysql://[username]:[password]@[host]/[database]'})
const results = await conn.execute('select * from test',null,{arrayMode:true,fullResult:true})
```

> **Transaction options**

Author: 我之前是考虑：
1. 太多层级会不会太乱
2. 这个确实也属于 SQL level 的，因为他是执行语句时才需要传入的

我是觉得都可以，你觉得怎么样好？

> **Transaction options**

Reviewer: 如果不想要太多层级，可以删除这行

> Transaction options is supported since v0.0.7. You can configure the following options when you use transaction:

Reviewer: v0.0.7 是 TiDB Cloud serverless driver 的版本吗

> Transaction options are supported since TiDB Cloud serverless driver v0.0.7. You can configure the following options when you use transactions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from TiDB Cloud serverless driver v0.0.7, you can also configure the following SQL level option when you use transactions:
```

## What's next

> - [Learn how to use TiDB Cloud serverless driver in a local Node.js project](/tidb-cloud/serverless-driver-node-example.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Learn how to [use TiDB Cloud serverless driver in a local Node.js project](/tidb-cloud/serverless-driver-node-example.md).
```
